you
and heart eyes forward
[Music]
my name is lieutenant aldo raine and i
need me eight soldiers we're gonna be
dropped into France dressed as civilians
we're gonna be doing one thing one thing
only killing Nazis yes
members of the National Socialist Party
conquered Europe to murder torture
intimidation and terror and that's
exactly what we're going to do to em we
will be cruel to the German and through
our cruelty they will know who we are
they will find the evidence of our
cruelty in the disemboweled dismembered
and disfigured bodies their brothers we
leave behind us and determine when I'll
be able to help themselves from
imagining the cruelty their brothers
endured at our hands and our boot heels
and the edge of our knives
and German will be sickened by us the
German will talk about us
[Music]
and a German will fear us
Nancy ain't got no humanity
[Music]
they need to be destroyed each and every
man under my command owes me 100 Nazi
scalps and I want my scalps
sad good yeah
you